[terra-table] Change the default style set to cell from Height to Min-Height. (#1991)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-table/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Changed

>   * Updated default style set to cell from Height to Min-Height to support large text content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Replaced cell `height` property with `min-height` property to support large text content inside cell.
```
